Districts~Cyprus~North.md, before:

---
location: [35.1833,33.3667]
type: Country
tags:
- geo/Country

SpocWebEntityId: 57606
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[ISO2::] 
[ISO3::] 

## #has_/map  


```leaflet
id: Northern Cyprus
zoomFeatures: true 
minZoom: 2 
maxZoom: 18
geojsonFolder: ./Cyprus/
markerFolder: ./Cyprus/
```

[name-en::Northern Cyprus]
[name-de::Nord Zypern]
[Area-Total::]
[Area-Land::]
Continent :: [[Europe]]  
[VehicleCode::]
[Capital-Id::]
[Alcohol-l::]
[Language-Id::]
[geo-lon::33.3667]
[geo-lat::35.1833]



## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus~North|Cyprus~North]] 
- [[../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus~North.public|Cyprus~North.public]] 
- [[../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus~North.internal|Cyprus~North.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus~North.protect|Cyprus~North.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus~North.private|Cyprus~North.private]] 
- [[../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus~North.personal|Cyprus~North.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus~North.secret|Cyprus~North.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Districts~Cyprus~North.md, after:

---
location: [35.1833,33.3667]
type: Country
tags:
- geo/Country

SpocWebEntityId: 57606
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[ISO2::] 
[ISO3::] 

## #has_/map  


```leaflet
id: Northern Cyprus
zoomFeatures: true 
minZoom: 2 
maxZoom: 18
geojsonFolder: ./Cyprus/
markerFolder: ./Cyprus/
```

[name-en::Northern Cyprus]
[name-de::Nord Zypern]
[Area-Total::]
[Area-Land::]
Continent :: [[Europe]]  
[VehicleCode::]
[Capital-Id::]
[Alcohol-l::]
[Language-Id::]
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::33.3667]
[has_place_latitude::35.1833]



## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus~North|Cyprus~North]] 
- [[../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus~North.public|Cyprus~North.public]] 
- [[../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus~North.internal|Cyprus~North.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus~North.protect|Cyprus~North.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus~North.private|Cyprus~North.private]] 
- [[../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus~North.personal|Cyprus~North.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus~North.secret|Cyprus~North.secret]]
