ReadMe.md, before:

---
location:
- 35.1333
- 33.4667
type: Country
tags:
- geo/Country
license: CC BY-SA 4.0
confidential: public
isDeleted: false
isReadOnly: false
source: https://datahub.io/core/country-codes
cssclasses: Country
publish: true
title: Cyprus
linkTitle: 
keywords: 
layout: 
draft: false
publishDate: 
expiryDate: 
aliases:
- CY
- CYP
- Cyprus
- Chipre
- Chypre
- قبرص
- 塞浦路斯
- Кипр
- the Republic of Cyprus
- la República de Chipre
Languages:
- el-CY
- tr-CY
- en
---


[	ISO4217-currency_alphabetic	 :: EUR ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_name	 :: Euro ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_numeric	 :: 978 ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_minor_unit	 :: 2 ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_country_name	 :: CYPRUS ] 

[	Telephone	 :: 357 ] 

[	Global	 :: True ] 
[	Global_Name	 :: World ] 

[	name	 :: Cyprus ] 
[	name-en	 :: Cyprus ] 
[	name-es	 :: Chipre ] 
[	name-fr	 :: Chypre ] 
[	name-cn	 :: 塞浦路斯 ] 
[	name-ar	 :: قبرص ] 
[	name-ru	 :: Кипр ] 

[	CLDR_display_name	 :: Cyprus ] 

[	UNTERM_English	 :: Cyprus ] 
[	UNTERM_English_Formal	 :: the Republic of Cyprus ] 
[	UNTERM_Spanish_Formal	 :: la República de Chipre ] 
[	UNTERM_Spanish	 :: Chipre ] 
[	UNTERM_French	 :: Chypre [fém.] ] 
[	UNTERM_Arabic	 :: قبرص ] 
[	UNTERM_Arabic_Formal	 :: جمهورية قبرص ] 
[	UNTERM_Chinese	 :: 塞浦路斯 ] 
[	UNTERM_Chinese_Formal	 :: 塞浦路斯共和国 ] 
[	UNTERM_French_Formal	 :: la République de Chypre ] 
[	UNTERM_Russian	 :: Кипр ] 
[	UNTERM_Russian_Formal	 :: Республика Кипр ] 

Region_Name ::  [[Asia]] 
Intermediate_Region_Name ::  [[]] 
Sub-region_Name ::  [[Western Asia]] 

[	Region	 :: 142 ] 
[	Intermediate_Region	 ::  ] 
[	Sub-region	 :: 145 ] 

[	Geoname-ID	 :: 146669 ] 
[	FIPS	 :: CY ] 
[	FIFA	 :: CYP ] 
[	IOC	 :: CYP ] 
[	MARC	 :: cy ] 
[	GAUL	 :: 64 ] 
[	WMO	 :: CY ] 
[	ITU	 :: CYP ] 
[	DS	 :: CY ] 
[	TLD	 :: .cy ] 
[	EDGAR	 :: G4 ] 
[	M49	 :: 196 ] 

[	is_independent	 :: Yes ] 
[	Developed_/Developing_Countries	 :: Developed ] 
[	Land_Locked_Developing_Countries	 ::  ] 
[	Least_Developed_Countries	 ::  ] 
[	Small_Island_Developing_States	 ::  ] 

[	ISO3166-1-numeric	 :: 196 ] 



SpocWebEntityId: 4948
isDeleted: false
confidential: public
[ISO2::CY] 
[ISO3::CYP] 

```leaflet
id: Cyprus
zoomFeatures: true 
minZoom: 2 
maxZoom: 18
geojsonFolder: .//
markerFolder: .//
```

[name-en::Cyprus] 
[name-de::Zypern] 
![[Flag_of_Cyprus.svg|350]] 

[Area-Total::9251] 
[Area-Land::9240] 
Continent :: [[Europe]]  
[VehicleCode::CY] 
Capital :: [[districts~Cyprus/Nicosia]]  
[Alcohol-l::9.3] 
[Language-Id::] 
[geo-lon::33.4667] 
[geo-lat::35.1333] 



## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus|Cyprus]] 
- [[../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus.public|Cyprus.public]] 
- [[../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus.internal|Cyprus.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus.protect|Cyprus.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus.private|Cyprus.private]] 
- [[../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus.personal|Cyprus.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus.secret|Cyprus.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

ReadMe.md, after:

---
location:
- 35.1333
- 33.4667
type: Country
tags:
- geo/Country
license: CC BY-SA 4.0
confidential: public
isDeleted: false
isReadOnly: false
source: https://datahub.io/core/country-codes
cssclasses: Country
publish: true
title: Cyprus
linkTitle: 
keywords: 
layout: 
draft: false
publishDate: 
expiryDate: 
aliases:
- CY
- CYP
- Cyprus
- Chipre
- Chypre
- قبرص
- 塞浦路斯
- Кипр
- the Republic of Cyprus
- la República de Chipre
Languages:
- el-CY
- tr-CY
- en
---


[	ISO4217-currency_alphabetic	 :: EUR ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_name	 :: Euro ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_numeric	 :: 978 ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_minor_unit	 :: 2 ] 
[	ISO4217-currency_country_name	 :: CYPRUS ] 

[	Telephone	 :: 357 ] 

[	Global	 :: True ] 
[	Global_Name	 :: World ] 

[	name	 :: Cyprus ] 
[	name-en	 :: Cyprus ] 
[	name-es	 :: Chipre ] 
[	name-fr	 :: Chypre ] 
[	name-cn	 :: 塞浦路斯 ] 
[	name-ar	 :: قبرص ] 
[	name-ru	 :: Кипр ] 

[	CLDR_display_name	 :: Cyprus ] 

[	UNTERM_English	 :: Cyprus ] 
[	UNTERM_English_Formal	 :: the Republic of Cyprus ] 
[	UNTERM_Spanish_Formal	 :: la República de Chipre ] 
[	UNTERM_Spanish	 :: Chipre ] 
[	UNTERM_French	 :: Chypre [fém.] ] 
[	UNTERM_Arabic	 :: قبرص ] 
[	UNTERM_Arabic_Formal	 :: جمهورية قبرص ] 
[	UNTERM_Chinese	 :: 塞浦路斯 ] 
[	UNTERM_Chinese_Formal	 :: 塞浦路斯共和国 ] 
[	UNTERM_French_Formal	 :: la République de Chypre ] 
[	UNTERM_Russian	 :: Кипр ] 
[	UNTERM_Russian_Formal	 :: Республика Кипр ] 

Region_Name ::  [[Asia]] 
Intermediate_Region_Name ::  [[]] 
Sub-region_Name ::  [[Western Asia]] 

[	Region	 :: 142 ] 
[	Intermediate_Region	 ::  ] 
[	Sub-region	 :: 145 ] 

[	Geoname-ID	 :: 146669 ] 
[	FIPS	 :: CY ] 
[	FIFA	 :: CYP ] 
[	IOC	 :: CYP ] 
[	MARC	 :: cy ] 
[	GAUL	 :: 64 ] 
[	WMO	 :: CY ] 
[	ITU	 :: CYP ] 
[	DS	 :: CY ] 
[	TLD	 :: .cy ] 
[	EDGAR	 :: G4 ] 
[	M49	 :: 196 ] 

[	is_independent	 :: Yes ] 
[	Developed_/Developing_Countries	 :: Developed ] 
[	Land_Locked_Developing_Countries	 ::  ] 
[	Least_Developed_Countries	 ::  ] 
[	Small_Island_Developing_States	 ::  ] 

[	ISO3166-1-numeric	 :: 196 ] 



SpocWebEntityId: 4948
isDeleted: false
confidential: public
[ISO2::CY] 
[ISO3::CYP] 

```leaflet
id: Cyprus
zoomFeatures: true 
minZoom: 2 
maxZoom: 18
geojsonFolder: .//
markerFolder: .//
```

[name-en::Cyprus] 
[name-de::Zypern] 
![[Flag_of_Cyprus.svg|350]] 

[Area-Total::9251] 
[Area-Land::9240] 
Continent :: [[Europe]]  
[VehicleCode::CY] 
Capital :: [[districts~Cyprus/Nicosia]]  
[Alcohol-l::9.3] 
[Language-Id::] 
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::33.4667] 
[has_place_latitude::35.1333] 



## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus|Cyprus]] 
- [[../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus.public|Cyprus.public]] 
- [[../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus.internal|Cyprus.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus.protect|Cyprus.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus.private|Cyprus.private]] 
- [[../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus.personal|Cyprus.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus.secret|Cyprus.secret]]
