Districts~Cyprus~North/City/Nicosia.md, before:

---
location: [35.13334,33.46667] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 35920
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
[geo-lon::33.46667] 
[geo-lat::35.13334] 
[name::Nicosia] 
State ::  
Country :: [[../../../../Cyprus]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::32] 


```leaflet
id: Nicosia
coordinates: [[Nicosia]] 
markerFile: [[Nicosia]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus/City/Nicosia|Nicosia]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus/City/Nicosia.public|Nicosia.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus/City/Nicosia.internal|Nicosia.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus/City/Nicosia.protect|Nicosia.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus/City/Nicosia.private|Nicosia.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus/City/Nicosia.personal|Nicosia.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus/City/Nicosia.secret|Nicosia.secret]]

Commit message:

updated geo-lon to has_place_longitude and latitude

Districts~Cyprus~North/City/Nicosia.md, after:

---
location: [35.13334,33.46667] 
mapzoom: [7,12] 
mapmarker: city 
type: City
tags:
- geo/City


SpocWebEntityId: 35920
isDeleted: false
confidential: public

---
#is_a_/Place  
#is_a_ :: [[Place]] 
[has_place_longitude::33.46667] 
[has_place_latitude::35.13334] 
[name::Nicosia] 
State ::  
Country :: [[../../../../Cyprus]]  
[StateId::] 
[Population::] 
[Unknown::32] 


```leaflet
id: Nicosia
coordinates: [[Nicosia]] 
markerFile: [[Nicosia]] 
defaultZoom: 11 
maxZoom: 18
```


## Confidential Links & Embeds: 
- [[../../../../../../../_Standards/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus/City/Nicosia|Nicosia]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_public/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus/City/Nicosia.public|Nicosia.public]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_internal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus/City/Nicosia.internal|Nicosia.internal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_protect/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus/City/Nicosia.protect|Nicosia.protect]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_private/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus/City/Nicosia.private|Nicosia.private]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_personal/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus/City/Nicosia.personal|Nicosia.personal]] 
- [[../../../../../../../_secret/geo/Continent/Europe/Europe~South/Cyprus/City/Nicosia.secret|Nicosia.secret]]
